README.md, before:

# JS Project base

Simple starter template

Includes:

`parcel` - [GitHub](https://github.com/parcel-bundler/parcel) for bundling

`dotenv` - [GitHub](https://github.com/motdotla/dotenv) for any secrets and sensitive data

`eslint` [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) config with `air-bnb` [ESLint AirBNB](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) for linting

`prettier` [GitHub](https://prettier.io/) for formatting

Does **not** include any CSS frameworks because that's the dealer's choice

# Requirements for project

- Must use `npm install` for any packages
- Must have regular commits
- Must make use of an external API
- Must make some DOM manipulation/addition
  - eg: create some nodes with data from a API
- Showcase data manipulation of any kind
  - some kind of loops to iterate over data
  - some data clean-up

### Nice to have

_a.k.a Not mandatory_

- Commented code
- Nice design (you can get inspiration from Dribbble, Behance, etc)

## Note regarding env

You'll notice a `.env.sample` file in the root of the repository. This is a **common** way to handle the initialization of a env file.

You'll just copy and paste that file in your root directory, and rename the new file `.env`, so you should have something like:

```
js_project_base
|   src
|   .env.sample
|   .env <-- this is your new file
|   (...)
```

Commit message:

fix: added final notes to readme

README.md, after:

# JS Project base

Simple starter template

Includes:

`parcel` - [GitHub](https://github.com/parcel-bundler/parcel) for bundling

`dotenv` - [GitHub](https://github.com/motdotla/dotenv) for any secrets and sensitive data

`eslint` [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) config with `air-bnb` [ESLint AirBNB](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) for linting

`prettier` [GitHub](https://prettier.io/) for formatting

Does **not** include any CSS frameworks because that's the dealer's choice

# Requirements for project

- Must use `npm install` for any packages
- Must have regular commits
- Must make use of an external API
- Must make some DOM manipulation/addition
  - eg: create some nodes with data from a API
- Showcase data manipulation of any kind
  - some kind of loops to iterate over data
  - some data clean-up

### Nice to have

_a.k.a Not mandatory_

- Commented code
- Nice design (you can get inspiration from Dribbble, Behance, etc)

### Other notes

As usual, you have the freedom to organize yourselves however you see fit; you have the freedom to choose (or not) any frameworks you want, any design you want.
The second project will last for 2 sessions, and is **mandatory**.
After finishing it, you'll present it 😁

## Note regarding env

You'll notice a `.env.sample` file in the root of the repository. This is a **common** way to handle the initialization of a env file.

You'll just copy and paste that file in your root directory, and rename the new file `.env`, so you should have something like:

```
js_project_base
|   src
|   .env.sample
|   .env <-- this is your new file
|   (...)
```
